Subject: Re: KCAT works filmed at the Whitney show
From: Thomas Machnik <zipnpup@yahoo.com>
To: Christiane Paul <christiane_paul@whitney.org>
Date: 2025-02-24 23:25:42
Message-ID: <179112730.2220080.1740439543266@mail.yahoo.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Christiane,Thanks for the information. Today I visited with, Nina, a former assistant of Harold’s. She worked with Harold in the late 80’s and early 90’s and was there when AARON began making portraits. I talked with her about the noose issue as well as some other facial choices/issues. As we did we came across some 8.5x11 laser prints of AARON portraits which she recognized as being generated during her time with Harold and explained Harold’s process at the time. Apparently, Harold would run AARON all night long and laser printer would run all night too printing everything AARON generated. In any case, I have more to look through. If I exhaust what we have in the studio, I will take you up on your offer and provide you what I am looking for. Thanks so much.
On another topic, several years ago, I came across a youtube video of AARON running on a monitor. Unfortunately, the youtuber did not provide any info on where the film was done was done. I reached out to the channel but never got a reply. As I am putting together a collection of all the known video instances of AARON running historically, it bothered me that this was a loose end. So yesterday on a whim, I revisited the youtube channel and looked through all the videos from the channel looking for hints and EUREKA! I found a website with your name on as curator!! So I knew I must be close. Ultimately I was able to determine the video was filmed at Shelia C Johnson Design Center’s “The Question of Intelligence AI and the Future of humanity.” 
Based on the video I can guess which version of AARON was running but ideally I get the date and/or file name that is running. As I see you were exhibition curator, do you have any idea how SJDC came across this version of AARON running and what version it is? Or do you know who I may contact who might help me?