Subject: Re: San Diego Airport Temporary Exhibition Check In
From: Thomas Machnik <zipnpup@yahoo.com>
To: Dennert Daniel <ddennert@san.org>
Date: 2025-06-03 21:13:06
Message-ID: <209979661.2500981.1748985187038@mail.yahoo.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi DanielHappy Tuesday, I am looking at the possibility of showcasing some of Harold’s earliest computer works as our main focus. These early works were executed here in San Diego in the late 1960s early 1970s. I’m thinking this would be a good way to introduce the passengers to the fact that some of the earliest computer composed art was done right here in San Diego as it was here where Harold began to utilize the computer to further develop himself and his art.  
So with respect to my question “hang-ready,” I was referring to some of these older works. Some of these older works are on Calcomp plotter paper  which are very light and flimsy. They are not behind a matte and not in a frame. They are basically loose and in some cases long strips of multiple images. We do have one older canvas work that is stretched but all the other canvas works from that time are rolled up and not stretched. We also have film negatives that are photos of works generated on the screen. These could be scanned and put in a slide show but I would like to have a couple original film strips on display. This would require backlighting of some sort. So basically, I was asking how about the division of effort. What effort do we need to do vs what you are able to do to have the works presented properly. If I understand you correctly, you do have some resources to assist us and that we don’t necessarily need to have everything ready to go. 
With respect to the computer/monitor behind glass, thanks for sharing the sound situation there. As part of the earliest-computer-works theme, and as an alternative to plotting works on paper, I was considering running our early 1970s reconstructed Maze program and generating works to a screen. Typically we would run this live, thus, generating works never before seen. However, because there would be no one there monitoring the computer in case of a computer crash, I am looking at generating the works prior to the show, recording them in advance and basically playing them back like a video. Not sure the Trust would be ok with that because we almost always do live generated work. Therefore, I am wondering if it were possible for us to monitor a live display remotely and/or generate the works remotely and then basically feed them via internet to the machine there at the airport? If we go with the case of a live feed of the reconstructed Maze program, we might provide a QR Code so the passengers can follow along on their phone. 
Also, I am considering sharing some of the early correspondences, notebook sketches and possibly photos of additional works or artifacts from that time. These could be either on display there or made into slide a presentation or a mix of both. 
One last comment or more like a question, if a passenger happened to want to purchase a Maze work onsite at the airport, is that a possibility?