Subject: Re: the question
From: Thomas Machnik <zipnpup@yahoo.com>
To: Nina Karavasiles <nkaravasiles@gmail.com>, 
	"stalbaum@ucsd.edu" <stalbaum@ucsd.edu>
Date: 2025-04-04 08:31:04
Message-ID: <1396180043.912378.1743755464384@mail.yahoo.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Brett,
The studio is in Encinitas. We might be able to meet at the studio at some point depending on the timing. I am in the middle of something in the studio that should not be disturbed. I’m wondering if maybe an initial zoom call would be preferred. This way we get an overview and recap of where Ceci Moss is at and potentially ascertain what resources from the Trust UCSD would be seeking. Then based on that, I believe a studio visit would be more productive. 
These are my thoughts,
SincererlyThomas Machnik — Art Studio Manager — The Harold Cohen Trust
 On Wednesday, April 2, 2025 at 01:52:54 PM PDT, Brett Stalbaum <bstalbaum@ucsd.edu> wrote: 

Thank Thomas. To answer your questions, this is why I would like to bring Ceci Moss into the conversation. They were working on something up through last year that I don't fully understand as I only joined the advisory committee this year. I just know we had to withdraw for some reason.

We do have some deep archive divers around here and some fantastic things have been dredged up, but that has not included my involvement. But I can certainly imagine an initiative related to an exhibition! I will help in my capacity in every way I can.

 I am also keen to be involved and to get my ICAM students involved, in fact I was added to the advisory committee specifically because I have an ongoing agenda to get undergrads involved in such things. Btw, I am Teaching Professor, a position with particular focus on undergraduate education, and I have organized special studies classes in the past to specifically perform new media archeology. That is a way I can contribute, possibly.

I really think us being in conversation including the MAG director who was involved in the abandoned effort, getting her into this loop would be great. Can we invite you both to campus, or possibly come to where you are? (Nina and I are both backcountry SD people, as it turns out. This was a serendipitous connection indeed!)

cheers,
 Brett

 On 4/2/25 01:27, Thomas Machnik wrote:

 Dear Brett Stalbaum, 
 Thank-you for your interest in Harold Cohen’s work and for your introduction. I recall working with Sheldon Brown on the 2017 UCSD show "Creating Computational Creativity.” I was also worked on Harold’s 2011 show "Collaborations with my other self.”  And it was during the prep for the show I met Sheldon for the first time. 
 It seems you have already done some planning. I have a couple initial questions. Do you have a time frame for the show? With respect to creating a special exhibition while getting some art history grads involved, has there been any discussion on how that would shape the exhibition content? In other words, are you considering a historical dive? 
 I am currently working on resolving multiple Harold Cohen mysteries. One of these mysteries has to do with his 1976 mural titled “Drawing for Machine and Four Hands” executed at UCSD — a very early AARON work in a public space. Unfortunately, I unable to find any photos in our archive of the completed work — only a few cropped segments. Does this work still exist on campus? Who would I contact at UCSD regarding any possible historical photos of this work?  
 Also in our archives are mentions of Faculty shows but very little info on the works shown. There was a mention of a 1968 Fall show for example. This would have been just weeks after arriving to the campus. What was shown at that time? There are many other UCSD shows he participated in as well. Also in our archives is a mention of a 1995 Machine Painting being on loan to the UCSD Chancellor’s office (TCM#38). Is that still there?  
 I mention these because I am wondering if the direction you are pursuing is to highlight Harold’s direct contributions to UCSD. Harold built multiple drawing machines and painting machines and the turtle with much grow and development happened on the campus over time. And while AARON may have come to life at Stanford, it seems our oldest screen captures of AARON works are when Harold was here in San Diego and connecting to the Stanford computer via telephone line thereby running AARON remotely. This was 1975. And of course there are multiple high end computers he used on campus and helped acquire. That is another mystery... what happened to the various computer equipment. We have photos and video of these older systems using open reel tapes and removable hard drives. What happened to media? Do they still exist somewhere and if so, is there any code on any of the media or in printed form? Speaking of video and photos what additional media does UCSD have? Are you thinking in this direction? Or something else especially with respect to involving the art history grad.

 Regarding a potential zoom meeting, can you provide some potential times, dates and expected length of time. If we were to pull the Director of The Harold Cohen Trust — Paul Cohen — we need to keep in mind he is on the east coast.  
 Looking forward to hearing more. And hope at some point some of my questions can be answered.