Subject: HCT Invoice for Aug 2024 hours worked
From: Thomas Machnik <zipnpup@yahoo.com>
To: Paul Cohen <paulrcohen@gmail.com>, Paul Cohen <prcohen@pitt.edu>
Date: 2024-09-23 08:14:00
Message-ID: <665748628.5856307.1727079240564@mail.yahoo.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Paul,We are in the final stretch to sending the work off for the Sotheby Auction. The photoshoot went well with the photographer Pablo Mason. Because the works are behind plexiglass it was a bit of a challenge to get the lighting right. Fortunately had plenty of black draping fabric to setup around the studio to reduce the reflection. Once he got it right I saw the first photo and it looked fabulous. With the right lighting it looks even better than with the ambient light in the studio. It was a pleasure working with him. If we need someone in the future I would not hesitate to recommend him again. 

I am waiting for the final pickup time for the work but it is tentatively set for sometime this Wednesday.  The works are basically ready to go. I will check them one more time tomorrow. I am hoping to get the link to Pablo's photos tomorrow so I can put them into the shipment list document that needs to be signed upon pickup.

This has been a real push to make this happen. I haven't even had a moment to look at Roger's print. He showed it to me when I picked it up last Monday and the brief moment I saw it, I was happily surprise that it looked quite close to the original. I will need to really look at it closely though. Assuming all goes well and no more immediate concerns with Gazelli, I will look at the Roger's print this week. I will also pull a drawing for George Legrady finally. And see what can be done regarding work for the Whitney folk. 

I didn't keep track of my hours related to Sotheby. When I started I didn't think it would have ballooned into the time consuming activity that it did. In a previous email you mentioned this was a lesson learned and you we even considering pulling the plug at the very last minute. I agree with you that at time point it would do more harm than good to pull the plug at this late stage. Let's see how the auction goes. I sure hope it is a success. And I understand that part of the strategy is to sway the Tate into buying a software version possibly. If that happens, then certainly Sotheby is a success.

A while back in the summer we talked about various things. One of them was an increase in pay. I have added an increase on this invoice. The last time I had a raise was 2016. I calculated the inflation rate from 2016 to 2024 using https://www.in2013dollars.com/us/inflation/2016?amount=1 which claims today $45.94 is the equivalent of $35 dollars in 2016. My new invoice rate is a bit higher at $50/hr. I hope this doesn't break the bank but I am doing much more and have much more responsibility than back in 2016. There are times I am basically working around the clock. I am not saying this as a complaint as I am committed to improving the legacy of Harold/AARON and would have left a long time ago if I didn't enjoy being involved. It does seem like an exciting time and I am hoping the trust continues to outperform our expectations. I hope our relationship with Mila remains solid and that Gazelli continues to be successful. I recently learned I am no longer eligible for health care from California due to COVID winding down. The health care was basically free. Next month, I will need to sign up for health care. Previously, you had mentioned about paying for my health care. I really don't know how much that will be yet but I hope the Trust will consider paying for my health care. 

Tom