Subject: Re: Just touching base
From: Paul Cohen <paulrcohen@gmail.com>
To: Bob Hendel <rahendel@gmail.com>
Date: 2025-04-09 10:18:29
Message-ID: <CAKjPZkE0nS+aFtBsoCfA_0vna1+F9ts2M7hYH3kKrP9aNdyiUA@mail.gmail.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Bob, please forgive my long delay in writing to you. I am still
bouncing back and forth between Pittsburgh and Boston, and we just listed
the house in Pittsburgh and are renovating the one in Boston. This is my
16th or 17th house but the work gets harder as I get older!

Anyway, half my stuff is here and the other half there, and it's always the
wrong half. The Whitney drawings that I promised you are in Pittsburgh and
I am in Boston until the end of the month, but I will send them as soon as
I get back.

In other news...Mila Askarova and I are trying to get the exhibition to
Asia, and I have a "sort of promise" from an LLM company to provide some
sponsorship, so we're hopeful. It has been pretty rough since January, as
you can imagine, and now everything is tinged with fear and considerations
that have nothing to do with art. Other things: We tried a NFT sale
through Sotheby's but it was not successful. Sotheby's couldn't make their
minds up: Initially it was to be a NFT experiment, but then they
emphasized the physical works rather than the digital versions, and
eventually it became a sale of prints masquerading as an NFT drop. So
you'll be relieved to hear that NFTs are not in our immediate future!
Also, Gazelli has a really strong booth at the Dallas Art Fair and it's
already getting press
<https://www.papercitymag.com/arts/dallas-art-fair-year-17-what-to-collect/>
.

More recently I have been reimagining the catalog raisonne. I have
attached a short proposal to the Schmidt Foundation; I hope you find it
interesting. They probably won't fund it because their focus is on
humanities, but the modern catalog raisonne extends beyond the visual arts
and I hope they see that.

Lastly, I am sure I have asked you this before but my memory isn't what it
was: I think I need to set up an LLC to be owned by the Harold Cohen Trust
so that I can pay Tom and make distributions to the heirs without incurring
a personal tax burden, but I really need professional advice. The people
I've spoken with in Pittsburgh won't touch it because the Trust is
registered in California, so things are at a standstill, which is a
problem. Do you have any ideas about how to move forward?