Subject: Re: WIP 2025 Artwork Shipment List
From: Thomas Machnik <zipnpup@yahoo.com>
To: George Lionel Barker <george@gazelliarthouse.com>
Date: 2025-01-09 20:27:59
Message-ID: <1711006979.4687964.1736454481376@mail.yahoo.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi George,Thanks so much for reminding me about the Machine Paintings! I will make the appropriate corrections. I have a question. We have this big 9x15 foot painting (i23-4425) from 1968 in the DOT style — see attached. I unrolled it last year to inventory and it looks gorgeous. But it stunk to high heaven and was causing the other works to stink. So I rolled it backup rolling it in heavy paper, then rolled it with plastic and taped it up. I then stored it in the spray room which has ventilation to the outside and is away from all the other artworks. I don’t know what happened to this work but I am wondering if it can be saved and/or if it should be saved. The artwork is so large I had to use the pan feature to capture the entire image. This means the wavy edges are not wavy they are straight. I am wondering if this is something we should send at this time? Of course it would need to be sent with care. Let me know your thoughts.
Tom
 On Thursday, January 9, 2025 at 02:16:54 AM PST, George Lionel Barker <george@gazelliarthouse.com> wrote: 

 Hey Tom, 

Many thanks for sending this over, and for all your hard work getting it together. 
I appreciate that this is a work in progress, so maybe it will be updated, but there are Painting Machine works included on your list that are already with us in London. I think the attached document I sent earlier is what you have in California to ship? 
With warmest wishes, 
George Barker 

GAZELLI ART HOUSE
LONDONQuiet Motion
BAKU Parallel Worlds: Chris Levine, Michael Takeo Magruder, Marshmallow Laser Feast, Elnara Nasirli, Recycle Group, Nye Thompson
GAZELL.iO January Resident | 00 Zhang
www.gazelliarthouse.com+44 (0) 207 491 8816 / +994 (0) 12 498 1230 

This e-mail message, including all attachments, is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain legally privileged and confidential information. If you are not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have either received this message in error or through interception, and that any review, use, distribution, copying or disclosure of this message and/or its attachments or parts thereof is strictly prohibited and is subject to criminal and civil penalties with appropriate national legislation.
ᐧ


Dear Gazelli Team,Below is a link to the 2025 Artwork Shipment List. This list is a work in progress and not complete. I ran into a problem with some of the portrait paintings dates. I am not sure why but some of them have the wrong dates so I am reviewing all of them. I did notice some other inconsistancies in the artlogic document compared to the original notes sometime ago but have not done a comprehensive review as of yet. In any case, I am plugging away at creating the list you can see most of it here. I need to move some items around to access some additional works which may be approximately 4 more items. Currently there are 54 items to be shipped. That is quite of few and I want to make sure everything it correct so I appreciate your patience as it will take a bit longer to complete. I do have most of the measurements that were not in the original artlogic doc George sent and hope to have all the measurements by Thursday or at least an estimated measurement as I suspect the measurements are important to the shipper. 
Here is the link. If you are unable to view this please let me know.https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11MqbW2pAIPfUA4YNC6AHWu09PPzyM20-YvIF8nedKNs/edit?usp=sharing

Tom