Subject: Re: Dietl Shipper
From: Thomas Machnik <zipnpup@yahoo.com>
To: Paul Cohen <paulrcohen@gmail.com>
Date: 2025-04-07 09:17:39
Message-ID: <1969456971.1407495.1744017459991@mail.yahoo.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Paul,I sent a reply but didn’t look like it went through so I will try again. I needed to reply to Michael Pollard of Gazelli regarding this. Looks like I didn’t cc you so here is what I sent to Michael. 

Hi Michael,

Regarding Dietl, I am a bit conflicted on some issues. One, when they refer to “Customer” exactly who is that? Is Gazelli the customer or HCT? OR jointly? If it is HCT, then there are multiple places in the document whereby HCT needs to agree to unspecified terms and that makes me feel a bit uneasy due to the value of the shipment and since we have never dealt with Dietl before. And since we have no proven track record with them. 

One example of agreeing to unspecified terms is in part 4a. It reads, “Customer understands that the terms and conditions under which DIS’ services are provided are subject to change. Customer is advised to take note of the most current terms and conditions which are posted on DIS’ web site and which are also available to Customer upon request. Customer agrees that the posted terms and conditions on DIS’ website on the date of a shipment will apply to that shipment and govern the parties’ obligations.”  At a minimum we need to review the most current terms. However, even the current terms are subject to change until the date of the shipment. 

And part 1 reads, “Customer understands that the terms and conditions of the storage receipts of warehousemen, and contracts of carriage of air, land and/or ocean carriers that DIS retains will apply to Customer as if Customer had entered into those contracts itself. “ We don’t know these terms in advance  and is another example of agreeing to unspecified terms. 

Also in part 1 it reads, Customer warrants that the goods are properly marked, addressed, and packaged to withstand any contemplated method of transport. This is currently not the case, only marking for identification purposes is done.

In section 1A it reads, DIS WILL ONLY HONOR INSURANCE CLAIMS WHEN FEES ARE CHARGED ON AN INVOICE AND PAID TO DIS FOR INSURANCE COVERAGE ON THE SHIPMENT IN WHICH THE CLAIM OCCURRED.  I understand and have received your notice regarding insurance with Lloyd’s of London. My concern is that the way this reads, it sounds like if we do need to make an insurance claim, Dietl will not recognize a 3rd party insurance and therefore under no obligation to be forthcoming with any requests related to a claim with Lloyd’s of London. If so, is that problematic when making a claim them?

In section 1C it reads, Customer warrants that it shall consider DIS’ Customer Supply Chain Security Recommendations as posted on DIS’ website. We need the link to this so we can review it.

In section 1D it read,  Customer agrees to inspect its shipment upon delivery and give prompt notice of any loss or damage within 5 days of delivery for air or ground shipments and within 3 days of

delivery for ocean shipments.  If HCT is the “Customer”, how do we go about this inspection? 

With respect to section 2E “DIS GIVEN A LIEN ON GOODS FOR UNPAID CHARGES”. This goes back to who is the “Customer” and thereby who is the responsible party for payments?

Tom

 On Friday, April 4, 2025 at 10:00:19 AM PDT, Paul Cohen <paulrcohen@gmail.com> wrote: