Subject: RE: Request for Extant video/audio of the British artist Harold Cohen
 (1928-2016)
From: Archive Requests External <archiverequestsexternal@bbc.co.uk>
To: Thomas Machnik <zipnpup@yahoo.com>,
        Archive Requests External
	<archiverequestsexternal@bbc.co.uk>
Date: 2024-01-08 10:00:11
Message-ID: <VI0PR01MB10441CDE236085C77FA157070A36B2@VI0PR01MB10441.eurprd01.prod.exchangelabs.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Thomas

Thank you for getting back to me with this additional information.

This edition of the series “Sunday Night” seems to have been very unfortunate as we have almost all of the other editions of the series, which ran from 1965-66. I’m not sure if we have any paperwork relating to the series which would give any clue as to its retention history, any such paperwork, if it exists, would be with BBC Written Archives. I think it’s fairly unlikely that the British Council would still have a copy of “Five Artists” but it may be worth asking them; I don’t have a specific contact there, but there should be contact details on their website if you want to make enquiries yourself.

I will put together a list of what other material we do hold about Harold Cohen and get back to you with that asap.

Andrew




Cc: Sara Nishi <nishisara@gmail.com>; Paul Cohen <paulrcohen@gmail.com>; kanoko nishi 西鹿乃子 <littledeerofthewest@googlemail.com>; Laura Green <laura@gazelliarthouse.com>


Dear Andrew,
Much thanks for looking into our requests and for the quick response. Sorry for my delayed response as I was following up on another lead regarding the Director of Sunday Night: Five for Venice.

I understand the "Sunday Night: Five for Venice" is no longer extant in your archives. I have since found some additional information which confirms what you wrote but also hope that maybe a copy still is extant. I understand the late Ann Turner (1927-2018) was the film director of the programme. In a voice recorded interviewed by Alan Lawson in 1995 she provides the details on the films demise where she says*(see note below), "BBC One, I had a five for Venice on the 25th of October in 1966. I'd spent a year following around the British Council something we could never do these days. Actually, with the five artists concern, which are known as Tony Cairo, Danny Cairo, Robin Denny now CBE, the two Cohen's Harold and Bernard and Dick Smith and Lillian Somerville, Sir Herbert Read. David Thompson was involved as the catalogue was his. And I think it's a very interesting film. And I would very much like to see it except BBC lent it to Nancy for ?OU? thing. Humphrey had not signed the retention order. And the thing was junked with its negative when it came back to film library, Alan Hanson nearly went through the roof, because you know all those artists are important. And they were all in their studios talking about their work."

That is a pity. But Ann Turner goes on to say later in the interview,"One of the things I have not followed up is if whether the British Council, I may simply have given them a copy with luck, they might have kept it you know." Do you have any thoughts on how I would approach the British Council to ask if they have a copy?

Also regarding the other finds. This is wonderful news. What do we need to do to get a listing of sorts from you?