Subject: Re: Material to sign off on
From: Paul Cohen <paulrcohen@gmail.com>
To: Mila Askarova <m.askarova@gazelliarthouse.com>
Date: 2024-09-26 19:29:46
Message-ID: <CAKjPZkFGwmodMxa827CphwJeenLLqgo0cP9vsubWi280PXEu3w@mail.gmail.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mila, the viability of your suggestion depends on the definition of
edition. As I understand the terms, works and editions are different. An
edition is k>1 identical works. So I don't know what your assertion "Each
work is a unique, signed edition...." means. "A work is an edition" can be
true only if the edition is of size 1, which defies the ordinary meaning of
edition.

So what is Sotheby's really asking for? Let X be a work that is part of
edition E of at least two identical works. Are they asking for X to be
unique? If so, then they are asking us to assert that X is not part of E,
which is a known falsehood. Are they asking that E be unique but X need
not be unique? This is more interesting. Suppose E1 is an edition of three
identical prints and E2 is an edition of the same three prints. Are E1 and
E2 *unique* editions? Perhaps E1 was printed on Tuesday and E2 was printed
on Wednesday, and to an expert eye the works in E1 look very slightly
different than the works in E2. Then we could assert that E1 and E2 are
unique, in which case your phrase "E1 is a unique signed edition with no
other editions" would be false because there are two discernably different
editions of "the same" work. But if we have only one edition, then it is
by definition a unique edition with no other editions.

In short, we cannot assert that any work is unique, as we know that (for
some or perhaps all the works) they belong to editions. We can assert that
the *editions* are unique, in the sense that we printed edition E1 on
Tuesday and we did not print another edition on Wednesday or ever. However
we can not say, as you suggest, *Each work is a unique, signed edition with
no other editions available with an accompanying ERC-721 token* because we
cannot say a work is an edition.

We *can* say, *Each work is from a unique, signed edition with no other
editions available with an accompanying ERC-721 token. *However, if we say
this then we will never be allowed to make another edition of a work, as we
hoped to do.

The annoying thing is that we thought all this through carefully several
weeks ago and now, at the last minute, people who really ought to
understand editioning, and who never put anything about it in a contract,
and who seem not to understand that this is supposed to be an NFT sale,
have imposed an impossible or at least highly disadvantageous restriction
upon us.