Subject: HCT Invoice for Oct 2024 Work
From: Thomas Machnik <zipnpup@yahoo.com>
To: Paul Cohen <paulrcohen@gmail.com>, Paul Cohen <prcohen@pitt.edu>
Date: 2024-11-24 05:18:46
Message-ID: <658128390.856024.1732425527106@mail.yahoo.com>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Paul, 
Please find attached my invoice for Oct 2024. 

During the Auction crunch Griselda helped out and that is included in the invoice. Most of the time in Oct prior to the auction was dedicated to fielding questions and such for the auction. Since that time primarily what I have been working on is checking the condition of the various digital media (of the ones I can check) and copying over what can be read into one place. Some of this was done before but was primarily code and that drive is not reaching the potential limit of its life so a new copy is needed.

This previous copy was copied over to a new drive along with the newer code that was recovered. I have also added the scanned snippets of code from non-digital sources like paper, notebooks and film. In addition to code, all of the AARON generated digital artwork is being copied over. Videos and audio recordings have been copied over. The last main category that has to copied over are the various correspondences, notes and such. Most everything has been copied over. I do have some non-code files to copy over from the two RedHat machines Harold used. Fortunately, I was able to get them to boot. So I can do that next week. I should therefore be able to have the master back up done soon. I will then make two backups from the master thereby having triple backup. At this time the master backup is approximately 1.5 Terabytes.
I have already purchased the drives but was unable to use the HCT card for the purchase. So when I get the bill I will include that on my next invoice. 

Some of this coping effort has taken a backseat this past week. I don't know if you have been in the loop regarding a 1971 Map painting that was sold. Michael of Gazelli needs to know when the painting was exported to the UK in order to obtain an export license. This is apparently because the painting is more than 50 years old.

Unfortunately, finding this in formation has to do with the storage rabbit hole spanning an unknown number of years. And of course this painting does not have a name. Also photos were not included in older documentation. I am reviewing the scant documents we have. Michael asked if the Trust would be able to provide document of some kind. I am not sure would exactly we would need to provide. Although, he did seem to suggest we provide a date range. That is what I am hoping to provide with some kind of documentary evidence. 

However, I am wondering if that is really necessary. The chain of events as I understand is that the 1971 Map painting was inventoried last year by Gazelli. That should mean that the work was in the same storage facility while Harold was alive right? Since it was his property, property that he made, I wonder if that puts the work in a different category and not subject to this 50 years. 

I will keep looking an don't mind doing so but it could be a long slog unless we can find an alternative.
Tom